Bonjour! Paris may be renowned for its romantic backdrop, picturesque street corners, world-class food, and of course the Tour Eiffel, but it’s also a thriving business hub. France has one of the largest markets in Europe, and Paris is an important financial center in the region, home to the third largest concentration of Fortune Global 500 companies in the world.
So, where to hold your next événement d'entreprise in Paris? Well, you’ve got plenty of options. However, if you’ve ever organized a company event, you’ll know that it’s no mean feat. Getting it right involves a great deal of research and planning. With multiple factors to bear in mind, a successful, smooth-running event depends on the right venue. 
Luckily, Paris is home to some of the best conference venues and event spaces in Europe. We’ve compiled a list of the top corporate meeting venues in Paris so you don’t have to spend time searching for the perfect venue. From the 7th to the 11th arrondissement, all locations are reachable by public transport and offer wifi access. 
Whether you’re looking for a large conference center or convenient meeting rooms, we’ve got you covered.
What to look for when sourcing a venue
Finding the right event venue involves juggling several factors. First, the venue must accommodate the right number of attendees and have suitable meeting spaces with the right equipment and facilities. The location should also have good transport links (not usually a problem in busy Paris!) and sufficient parking if required.
If you’re hosting a drinks reception or a conference of several days, it’s important to think about food and beverage options, as well as accommodation if required. The overall cost, including any additional fees (important to keep an eye out for hidden costs) will also determine your venue hire.
The venue you ultimately pick will also be determined by the type of event you’re hosting. Some of the events companies hold at corporate meeting venues might include:

Meetings with clients or customers: a meeting venue can provide a professional setting creating a positive impression and helping to build constructive relationships.
Internal meetings or training sessions: an external venue can provide a neutral location for team meetings or training sessions, supporting productive discussions and encouraging participation.
Conferencing or events: the right space can provide the facilities required for larger-scale hybrid events such as seminars, lectures or product launches.
Team building activities: the ideal location for off-site training or group activities, helping to develop team cohesion and boost morale.

Let’s see what Paris has to offer.



Need help organizing your team event or corporate meeting?

TravelPerk’s Group Travel and Meetings & Events team can help you book venues and get exclusive discounts on group travel. Schedule a demo to find out more.




1. CitizenM Gare de Lyon Hotel: a modern and stylish venue with plenty of flexibility
Source
This event venue is all about the location. You can actually see the Gare de Lyon train station entrance from the hotel, meaning it’s an ideal choice if you have attendees arriving from around the country. It gets even better inside—with private meeting rooms, boardrooms and an intimate conference room accommodating up to 40 guests, you’re not short on choice.
Its creative space, complete with attractive minimalist design and a stylish feel, is a brilliant place to brainstorm with your team, and its rooftop bar provides an easy option for an end-of-day celebration. With all the modern amenities, from air-con to flat screen televisions, it’s an ideal workspace for your next event.

Location: Gare de Lyon
Capacity: up to 51
Cost: €€

2. Marriott Paris Opera Ambassador Hotel: offering every possibility for a corporate event
Source 
The Opera Marriott is excellent for accommodating visiting guests for private events lasting longer than a day. The hotel is located just 250 meters from the world-famous Galéries Lafayette, in a highly accessible part of Paris: the ninth arrondissement. It’s a 4-star hotel, boasting a high level of both comfort and convenience, with 700 square meters of meeting space on offer.
If you like the sound of it, but you’re looking for a bigger space, try the Paris Marriott Rive Gauche Hotel in downtown Paris. It offers a vast conference center and over 5,000 square feet of meeting space. It’s an award-winning space, having won ‘France’s Leading Conference Hotel’ in 2014, and received many additional prizes since.

Location: Opera/Rive Gauche
Capacity: 20-1200
Cost: €€€

3. Pullman Paris Montparnasse: a shiny new events center catering to any occasion
Source 
If you’re examining the Paris skyline, chances are you’ll see Montparnasse. Located just five minutes from this iconic tower, the Pullman offers everything for a successful event, from an ‘urban garden’ to a Grand Ballroom to an ‘immersive area’. From car launches to adverts to fashion shows, this place has seen it all: whatever your next corporate event, watch it come to life here.
If you’re looking for a simple meeting room, rather than a grand event, there are three dedicated floors for corporate events and meetings, with catering services on hand if necessary. The hotel is also fully accessible for people with reduced mobility, including to the renowned rooftop Skybar with unbeatable views across the City of Lights.

Location: Montparnasse
Capacity: up to 1000
Cost: €€€

4. Le Meridien Étoile: luxury meets functionality in a prime location
Source 
Le Méridien Étoile has a pretty unbeatable location: opposite the Paris Convention Center, close to the business district La Défense, and a 5-minute walk from the Champs Elysées and the Arc de Triomphe There are over 1,000 guest rooms onsite, meaning it’s great for residential events, and it’s customer service has been praised as ‘exceptional’.
Its business center is fully equipped with the latest A/V equipment, airport shuttles, laundry and concierge services, and a highly-rated onsite restaurant. There’s over 2,000 square meters of meeting space, divided up in various types of small meeting spaces ideal for breakout rooms, boardrooms and bigger assembly spaces.

Location: Champs-Elysées
Capacity: up to 750
Cost: €€€

5. Paris Nord Villepinte: a convention center with all the extras
Source
Villepinte is France’s largest exhibition center, a leading venue for corporate events. Ideal for both grand conferences and important business meetings alike, it combines a traditional corporate aesthetic with a Parisian feel, resulting in a very impressive location for your next corporate event.
Specifically designed with events in mind, the 360,000 square meters (!) of well-equipped, comfortable space available at Villepinte gives you all the space you need for the most successful event. Choose from its two amphitheaters, conference center and 42 varied meeting rooms. Not only is it certifiably ‘eco-responsible,’ but it offers a vast range of event spaces, all bathed in natural light thanks to its glass walls.

Location: Paris Nord
Capacity: up to 3000
Cost: €€€




Looking for support with corporate event management?

Book a demo and we’ll show you the benefits of booking your business group travel with TravelPerk.




6. Deskeo Saint-Honoré: bright, modern, and all-round ideal
Source 
For smaller, dynamic teams looking for a spot to brainstorm, this is the one for you. Its bright, colorful chairs say it all—it’s a creative, well-equipped space that aims to draw out productivity. There are various private spaces for bigger groups looking to take over an entire floor (these accommodate up to 70 attendees), smaller meeting rooms, and 180 individual work stations on offer.
Spacious and functional, this space expertly hits the mark between creativity and productivity. Equipped with coffee machines, high-speed wifi, color printers, and located in the buzzing 8th district, this ticks all the boxes for a successful company meeting.

Location: 8ème arrondissement
Capacity: up to 70
Cost: €€

7. MyCoWork: a purpose-built, adaptable space ready to host all kinds of event
Source 
With two locations across Paris in the second and fourth districts, MyCowork offers light-filled, airy rooms with plenty of spaces and facilities on offer to ensure your meeting or event is a flying success. 
If you’re looking for a temporary office space, try one of its ‘Flex Offices’ or, if it suits you better, one of its five coworking meeting rooms. If you have employees looking to get on with their own work, you can rent individual desks, too. Prices are affordable, reservations are flexible, and the options are pretty endless. You can’t go far wrong.

Location: Beaubourg and Montorgueil Les Halles
Capacity: up to 50
Cost: €€

8. Le Rendez-Vous: a purpose-built destination for a team rendez-vous
Source 
If affordability and functionality are your top criteria, this is the option for you. From just €60 per hour, this is a multipurpose event/meeting room that can be adapted to your needs. It boasts impressive reviews, praising its quality service and competitive rates, with 5-star reviews all room. It’s simple, it’s private, and it’s easily accessible.

Location: 11ème arrondissement
Capacity: up to 30
Cost: €

9. Cabinet Narquin Salle de Réunion: a top-rated, functional office space in the heart of Paris 
Source
Located less than 400m from the Champs-Elysees, this is another great option for teams on a tight budget. Ideal for teams under 12 people, this meeting room is ideal for training days, recruitment, business meetings or onboarding sessions. 
From just €190 a day, there’s a small onsite kitchen for meal times or coffee breaks, well-equipped facilities and A/V features. Booking is simple and has been praised by many happy customers online.

Location: Neuilly Porte Maillot
Capacity: up to 30
Cost: €

10. Hôtel du Collectionneur: a classy, popular destination for top-quality events
Source 
To finish with a bang—the award-winning Hotel du Collectionneur Arc de Triomphe sits among Paris’ most iconic landmarks. With plenty of corporate facilities, with 20 different styles, the hotel can host up to 650 guests at its prestigious business center. 
The facilities are second to none, offering the highest quality experience for your attendees. All spaces are wheelchair-accessible, with onsite catering options, top-of-the-range A/V capabilities, airport shuttle services.

Location: Rue de Courcelles
Capacity: up to 650
Cost: €€€

Get ahead and start organizing your corporate event today
Whatever event you’re hosting, whenever you’re hosting it, it’s never too early to start planning—and you can use TravelPerk’s event management checklist to make sure you’re ticking all the boxes. If you feel you could benefit from support with the organizational side of things, TravelPerk can help with the book and management of your event, taking the administrative weight off your shoulders. You pick the venue, let TravelPerk take care of the rest! Ready for City of Lights? Let’s go! 



Categories
Real life events  

 








Make business travel simpler. Forever.


See our platform in action. Trusted by thousands of companies worldwide, TravelPerk makes business travel simpler to manage with more flexibility, full control of spending with easy reporting, and options to offset your carbon footprint.


Find hundreds of resources on all things business travel, from tips on traveling more sustainably, to advice on setting up a business travel policy, and managing your expenses. Our latest e-books and blog posts have you covered.


Never miss another update. Stay in touch with us on social for the latest product releases, upcoming events, and articles fresh off the press.