
If you’ve ever organized a corporate event, you’ll know that it’s no mean feat. Getting it right involves a great deal of research and planning. With multiple factors to bear in mind, a successful, smooth-running event depends on the right venue. 
Luckily, the beautiful Italia is home to some stunning corporate event venues to wow your team and stakeholders. We’ve compiled a list of the top corporate meeting venues so you don’t have to spend time searching for the perfect venue. 
From the metropolitan Milan to the ruins of Rome, all venues are reachable by public transport and all offer wifi access. Whether you’re looking for a large convention center or convenient meeting rooms, we’ve got you covered.
What to look for when sourcing a venue
Finding the right venue involves juggling several factors. First, the venue must accommodate the right number of attendees and have suitable event spaces with the right equipment and facilities. The location should also have good transport links and sufficient parking if required.
If you’re hosting a drinks reception or a conference of several days, it’s important to think about food and beverage options, as well as accommodation if required. The overall cost, including any additional fees (important to keep an eye out for hidden costs) will also determine your venue hire.
The venue you ultimately pick will also be determined by the type of event you’re hosting. Some of the events companies hold at corporate meeting venues might include:

Meetings with clients or customers: a meeting venue can provide a professional setting creating a positive impression and helping to build constructive relationships.
Internal meetings or training sessions: an external venue can provide a neutral location for team meetings or training sessions, supporting productive discussions and encouraging participation.
Conferencing or events: the right space can provide the facilities required for larger-scale hybrid events such as seminars, lectures or product launches.
Team building activities: the ideal location for off-site training or group activities, helping to develop team cohesion and boost morale.

Let’s see what Italy has to offer.



Need help organizing your team event or corporate meeting?

TravelPerk’s Group Travel and Meetings & Events team can help you book venues and get exclusive discounts on group travel. Schedule a demo to find out more.




1. Hotel Excelsior: for a calm oasis in the heart of Venice
Source
Hotel Excelsior takes its Venice location very seriously, living up to the beautiful scenery and views that the Veneto region is known for. With a total of eight original meeting rooms to choose from—most with natural daylight seeping through gorgeous windows—the hotel is a great spot for hosting big and small corporate meetings alike.
It’s a brief boat ride from the heart of Venice, giving your attendees plenty to enjoy outside work hours. There’s also a beach-front terrace that’s often used as a meeting space, as well as the setting for the Venice Film Festival.

Location: Venice
Capacity: up to 500 
Cost: €€€

2. Sheraton Hotel: for the subtle glitz and glam of Lake Como
Source
Located just a 45-minute drive from Milan and its airports, The Sheraton Lake Como Hotel is everything you expect from a Marriott location. The 12 event rooms and 11 breakout rooms provide a wide variety of options—from 300+ people corporate events to small, intimate business meetings in the Executive Lounge.
The hotel is minutes away from the historical center of Como, and offers all the amenities you could wish for. Marriott Bonvoy hotels are popular corporate event meeting spaces—and this one exemplifies exactly why they’re so sought-after.

Location: Lake Como
Capacity: up to 350
Cost: €€€

3. Santa Caterina Hotel: for idyllic views from the Amalfi Coast
Source
The Santa Caterina Hotel is everything you could ever want from a meeting venue on the Amalfi Coast—a sea breeze, views to die for, and beautiful Italian décor. This five star luxury hotel’s meeting spaces are sure to impress your attendees.
Alongside the stunning meeting rooms, the hotel also boasts a Michelin-starred, fine dining restaurant for when meetings come to a close. The classic interiors and Mediterranean design are perfect for if you’re looking to provide and experience luxury during your next corporate meeting.

Location: Amalfi Coast
Capacity: up to 70
Cost: €€€€

4. Grand Hotel Croce di Malta: for access to the heart of Tuscany
Source
The Grand Hotel offers flexible spaces in the center of Tuscany—the type we can imagine groups taking over for days at a time. The spacious, well-lit rooms and high ceilings are professional and simple, as are the 100+ rooms and suites.
Alongside modern meeting rooms and beautiful guest rooms, the hotel also offers a number of after-work activities and experiences in and around Tuscany. The on-site restaurant serves local and national cuisine in a relaxing atmosphere, and the spa offers a relaxing wellness respite after an intense day of meetings.

Location: Tuscany
Capacity: up to 140
Cost: €€€

5. Acaya Golf Resort and Spa: for a Salento spot on the Adriatic Coast
Source
This stunning resort in Salento is one of the most prestigious locations to host any type of event—and you won't find a wider array of amenities anywhere else. They’ve got motorized screens, projectors, amplifiers, podiums, blackout curtains, movable panels, and more to ensure your corporate meeting goes to plan.
With exclusive Meeting Specialists—a team meeting planner with all the knowledge and information to help you create a memorable experience—on hand, you can be sure that, from the moment you arrive, your event will run as smoothly as you could hope.  

Location: Salento
Capacity: up to 800
Cost: €€€




Looking for support with corporate event management?

Have a look at our guide to a seamless trip.




6. Enterprise Hotel: for modern events in Milan
Source
Sixth on our list is the very special Enterprise Hotel in Milano. The centrally-located hotel offers three different meeting spaces that cater to all types of corporate events, as well as beautiful reception areas for connecting ahead of a meeting.
The crown jewel of the Enterprise Hotel, however, is the Sala Immersiva—the only meeting room in Italy with a 360 degree, wrap-around screen. It’s certainly a top pick for if you’re looking to make a memorable impact—check out the 3D tour!

Location: Milan
Capacity: up to 300
Cost: €€€€

7. Hotel San Francesco al Monte: for top views of the Gulf of Naples
Source
If you’re lucky enough to be heading to a company meeting in Naples, the Hotel San Francesco al Monte is a great pick. There are three different conference rooms to choose from—all fully equipped with everything you could need.
The beautiful 16th-century architecture and panoramic views of Naples provide a stunning spot for both your meetings, and relaxing in between them. It’s a charming location that’s sure to impress attendees.

Location: Naples
Capacity: up to 200
Cost: €€€

8. Mezzanine: for meeting rooms in the heart of Verona
Source
Mezzanine is the first coworking spot on our list, and it’s a great space for smaller corporate meetings in the heart of Verona. There’s one meeting room available—where up to eight people can meet—and it includes free fiber-optic wifi, AC, access to a printer, and more. 
You can rent the room on an hourly, half-daily, or daily basis—with 8 hours coming in at €100. Not bad at all, plus you get access to the free coffee and fridge space. This is an ideal spot for a corporate meeting on a budget.

Location: Verona
Capacity: up to 8
Cost: €

9. Hotel Diana: for a prime Rome location
Source
Hotel Diana offers six meeting rooms, all shrouded in natural light and some with panoramic views of Rome. All rooms come with air conditioning and a video projector, as well as complimentary water, candy, and stationery. 
The hotel itself is centrally located and at walking distance from the main city monuments and travel hubs. It also boasts a Roof Garden Restaurant that offers 360 degree views of the city, so you can enjoy a drink at the bar and some typical Italian specialities while admiring Rome from above.

Location: Rome
Capacity: up to 80
Cost: €€€

10. Palazzo Caponi: for a truly Italian feel in Florence
Source
Hold your next corporate meeting in one of Florence’s oldest aristocratic palaces if you’re looking to add some flair and formality. Alongside these beautiful conference rooms, you can also choose from some more modern meeting rooms—whichever best fits your requirements .
Despite being a 16th century palace, all meeting rooms are equipped with the latest technology for holding an efficient and productive meeting. You can also have food delivered to the room by the palace’s traditional Italian catering services.

Location: Florence
Capacity: up to 100
Cost: €€€

Get ahead and start organizing your corporate event today
Whatever event you’re hosting, whenever you’re hosting it, it’s never too early to start planning—and you can use TravelPerk’s event management checklist to make sure you’re ticking all the boxes. 
If you feel you could benefit from support with the organizational side of things, TravelPerk can help with the book and management of your event, taking the administrative weight off your shoulders. You pick the venue, let TravelPerk take care of the rest! 



Categories
Real life events  

 








Make business travel simpler. Forever.


See our platform in action. Trusted by thousands of companies worldwide, TravelPerk makes business travel simpler to manage with more flexibility, full control of spending with easy reporting, and options to offset your carbon footprint.


Find hundreds of resources on all things business travel, from tips on traveling more sustainably, to advice on setting up a business travel policy, and managing your expenses. Our latest e-books and blog posts have you covered.


Never miss another update. Stay in touch with us on social for the latest product releases, upcoming events, and articles fresh off the press.






