If you’ve ever organized a corporate event, you’ll know that it’s no mean feat. Luckily, New York is home to some of the best conference venues and event spaces in the USA. From Central Park to Soho, The Bronx to Flatiron District, New York is packed with potential for your next meeting or event. 
We’ve compiled a list of the top corporate meeting venues in New York City so you don’t have to spend time searching for the perfect venue. 
From Hell’s Kitchen to Bushwick, all locations are reachable by public transport and all offer wifi access. Whether you’re looking for a large conference center or convenient meeting rooms, we’ve got you covered.
What to look for when sourcing a venue
Finding the right venue involves juggling several factors. First, the venue must accommodate the right number of attendees and have suitable meeting spaces with the right equipment and facilities. The location should also have good transport links (not usually a problem in the Big Apple!) and sufficient parking if required.
The venue you ultimately pick will also be determined by the type of event you’re hosting. Some of the events companies hold at corporate meeting venues might include:

Meetings with clients or customers: a meeting venue can provide a professional setting creating a positive impression and helping to build constructive relationships.
Internal meetings or training sessions: an external venue can provide a neutral location for team meetings or training sessions, supporting productive discussions and encouraging participation.
Conferencing or events: the right space can provide the facilities required for larger-scale hybrid events such as seminars, lectures, or product launches.

Let’s see what New York has to offer.



Need help organizing your team event or corporate meeting?

TravelPerk’s Group Travel and Meetings & Events team can help you book venues and get exclusive discounts on group travel. Schedule a demo to find out more.




1. Manhattan Center, Hammerstein Ballroom: some say it’s the “best in the world.” 
Source
You’ll find The Manhattan Center nestled in the Garment District, in Midtown, NYC. Just a few blocks from the Empire State Building, the space is following suit and showcasing some spectacular architecture of its own. 
Initially built in 1906, the majestically restored Hammerstein Ballroom can reception-style accommodate 3,500 attendees and gives special guests access to opera boxes, balconies, and even dressing rooms if your event requires them. 

Location: Midtown Manhattan
Capacity: up to 3,500 
Cost: $$$$

2. Freehold, Brooklyn: come for the event, stay for the award-winning coffee
Source
No conference rooms here, but as far as event venues go, this one’s got something special. Located in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, Freehold offers a relaxed, calming atmosphere, which is a great oasis in the middle of bustling, buzzing Brooklyn. 
Otherwise known as a nomad workspace, you’ll have no complaints from your team with the onsite coffee house, ping pong table, and onsite grub to keep tums full, minds caffeinated, and your guests happy. 

Location: Williamsburg, Brooklyn 
Capacity: up to 120
Cost: $

3. Neue House: where technology and stunning spaces collide 
Source
Neue House sits in the pocket of Madison Square, and offers a unique blend of warm and textured interiors, with state-of-the-art technology, giving your meeting or event the perfect split of efficiency and comfort. 
At the Manhattan location, you’ll be able to take your pick from the largest of the bunch, The Penthouse (6,200 square feet) through to a cozy boardroom (the smallest at 210 square feet) or the cozier cinema. 

Location: Madison Square, Manhattan
Capacity: up to 255
Cost: $$$$

4. Lavan 541, Chelsea: 5,000 square feet of open space to inspire innovation
Source
20-foot ceilings and 5,000 square feet of event space will have Lavan 541 Chelsea high on your list if you’re looking to host an event that you want to kit out yourself. Perhaps their state-of-the-art sound and lighting system is the only decor you need, perhaps you’ll want to be making the most of their 270-degree projection mapping system, the choice is yours!
Just a short walk from Hudson Yards, and sitting on street level, the space remains packed with natural light, has a bar gallery area, and even a VIP suite for those special guests.

Location: Chelsea, Manhattan
Capacity: Up to 500 
Cost: $$$

5. Westside LOFT: eight-foot windows showcasing all The Hudson River has to offer
Source
With a whopping 8,000 square feet of event space to play with, the Midtown Westside LOFT is certainly not one to be underestimated. Originally built in 1860, the loft holds onto an industrial feel, while complimenting it perfectly with modern finishes. 
Lastly, the loft is a perfect match for day or nighttime events. The windows permit an east-to-west view over the Hudson River and plenty of natural light—to help keep those ideas flowing during the day. Or, if you’re looking to host a nighttime event then watch the city light up at night. 

Location: West Village, Manhattan
Capacity: up to 300 
Cost: $$






Wondering how exactly a corporate travel management company can make your life easier? Let us show you. 




6. Intercontinental New York Barclay: The Rockefeller Suite, and plenty more to choose from
Source
The Intercontinental New York Barclay Hotel will have you spoiled for choice for meeting rooms in New York. What’s more, if your guests are traveling from afar, their accommodation is just a stone’s throw away—they won’t even need to leave the building! 
Our pick is the Rockefeller Suite, it boasts 930 square feet of event space, complete with breakout rooms. Known for its 1920s styling, the space has plenty of natural light streaming in from bustling Lexington Avenue. Plus, it’s Just a short walk from Grand Central Station. 

Location: Diamond District, Manhattan
Capacity: up to 500 
Cost: $$$$

7. The Knickerbocker Hotel: a Times Square jewel 
Source
A perfect spot for your next board meeting, the Knickerbocker hotel offers a 2,200 square-foot Salon with its own function room and pre-event foyer. This event space offers top-notch audio-visual facilities,  plus on-site technical support if you need it. 
The Knickerbocker Hotel does its best to bring the show off of Broadway and into your next meeting with a dedicated meeting planner for all events in the Salon, helping to give your event the pinch of spice it needs to stay unique and memorable for your guests. 

Location: Bryant Park, Midtown
Capacity: up to 220 
Cost: $$$$

8. EBS Bartender Academy & Event Space: add a splash of flair to your next event  
Source
If you’re looking to host altogether different business meetings then look no further. By day, EBS New York is a bartender training school, where students gather from around the world to hone their skills. However, by night (and sometimes on the weekends) the place opens up for businesses to book their next corporate gathering. 
The decor and vibe in this space beat any you’ll find in a conference center. Plus, there’s a lovely terrace to enjoy in the summer months. If you want to liven things up even more, you could even get some of the new grads to work the live bar for your event! 

Location: East Williamsburg, Brooklyn. 
Capacity: Up to 60
Cost: $






Need to organize transport for your team? Discover TravelPerk’s expert end-to-end service for booking business travel for large groups of people.




9. Glasshouse, Chelsea: a chic space with floor-to-ceiling windows 
Source
Located in Midtown East, this cutting-edge, flexible space is the perfect fit if you’re looking to plug some inspiration into your next meeting. The space spans across two floors—you can book one or both—and is packed with the latest tech to keep your next event as accessible as possible. 
Want more? There’s an outdoor terrace space for your guests to get some fresh air, and two kitchens on hand in case you want to bring catering into the equation. Your guests will be blown away by the sweeping views of the Hudson River and Manhattan skyline.

Location: Chelsea, Manhattan
Capacity: up to 200 
Cost: $$$$

10. The Atrium: Brooklyn’s premium event space 
Source
Last but definitely not least on our list, is The Atrium, the perfect spot if you’re looking to celebrate at your next event! It’s described as a raw venue, providing you with a completely blank canvas to design an event or meeting to steal the show. 
The 7,500 square-foot event space comes with optional furniture, complimentary wifi, and private access to plan your event and ensure everything is in place beforehand. 

Location: Bushwick, Brooklyn
Capacity: up to 250
Cost: $$$

Get ahead and start organizing your corporate event today
Whatever event you’re hosting, whenever you’re hosting it, it’s never too early to start planning—and you can use TravelPerk’s event management checklist to make sure you’re ticking all the boxes when event planning. 
If you feel you could benefit from support with the organizational side of things, TravelPerk can help with the book and management of your event, taking the administrative weight off your shoulders. 



Categories
Real life events  

 








Make business travel simpler. Forever.


See our platform in action. Trusted by thousands of companies worldwide, TravelPerk makes business travel simpler to manage with more flexibility, full control of spending with easy reporting, and options to offset your carbon footprint.


Find hundreds of resources on all things business travel, from tips on traveling more sustainably, to advice on setting up a business travel policy, and managing your expenses. Our latest e-books and blog posts have you covered.


Never miss another update. Stay in touch with us on social for the latest product releases, upcoming events, and articles fresh off the press.


