
¡Buenos dias! Not only is Spain a favorite destination among sun-seeking holiday-makers, but it’s also pretty popular among deal-seeking international companies. 
With Madrid and Barcelona being its two main business hubs, other large Spanish cities, such as Seville, Bilbao, and Valencia, are also home to emerging markets and fast-growing businesses.
Spain is home to some of the best conference venues and event spaces in Europe. 
We’ve compiled a list of the top corporate meeting venues in Spain so you don’t have to spend time searching for the perfect venue. From the green Basque Country down to arid Andalusia, all locations are reachable by public transport and offer wifi access. 
Whether you’re looking for a large conference center or convenient meeting rooms, we’ve got you covered.
What to look for when sourcing a venue
Finding the right event venue involves juggling several factors. First, the venue must accommodate the right number of attendees and have suitable meeting spaces with the right equipment and facilities. The location should also have good transport links and sufficient parking if required.
If you’re hosting a drinks reception or a conference of several days, it’s important to think about food and beverage options, as well as accommodation if required. The overall cost, including any additional fees (important to keep an eye out for hidden costs) will also determine your venue hire.
The venue you ultimately pick will also be determined by the type of event you’re hosting. Some of the events companies hold at corporate meeting venues might include:

Meetings with clients or customers: a meeting venue can provide a professional setting creating a positive impression and helping to build constructive relationships.
Internal meetings or training sessions: an external venue can provide a neutral location for team meetings or training sessions, supporting productive discussions and encouraging participation.
Conferencing or events: the right space can provide the facilities required for larger-scale hybrid events such as seminars, lectures or product launches.
Team building activities: the ideal location for off-site training or group activities, helping to develop team cohesion and boost morale.

Let’s see what Spain has to offer. ¡Vamos!



Need help organizing your team event or corporate meeting?

TravelPerk’s Group Travel and Meetings & Events team can help you book venues and get exclusive discounts on group travel. Schedule a demo to find out more.




1. Hyatt Centric Gran Via Madrid: a sought-after space in the heart of the Spanish capital
Source 
Madrid is the obvious place to start, and the Hyatt Centric is a great first venue. From Gran Via to Salamanca, Madrid is brimming with historic buildings, modern convention centers and top-of-the-range meeting spaces. Its strategic geographical location and major international airport mean it’s accessible for international attendees.
The Hyatt Centric offers four event spaces that can merge into a 197-square-meter space, a patio and rooftop lounge, equipped with the latest technology to ensure your next corporate event is smooth and professional. With event planners on hand, you can’t go far wrong with this all-rounder venue.

Location: Gran Vía, Madrid
Capacity: up to 150
Cost: €€€

2. Espacio Downtown: an original, trendy space catering to all event types
Source 
Ideal for younger, dynamic teams, a venue in La Latina ensures your attendees will get to see one of the best barrios in Madrid. Downtown is a blank canvas, adapting to all types of event, whether team-building activities, celebratory social events or creative brainstorming sessions. 
With 600 square meters of available space, the Downtown team adapts the space to your requirements. Its stand-out feature is a 10x3.5 meter screen, ideal for showing an end-of-year round up, or exhibiting a finished project.

Location: La Latina, Madrid
Capacity: up to 235
Cost: €€

3. Antiga Fabrica Estrella DAMM: impress your guests in Catalonia’s capital
Source 
If you’re planning to push the boat out for your next corporate event, this is the venue for you. This renowned converted brewery has recently been a hit with company events, adapting to function as a business center, gala dinner venue, exhibit space or even a conference room.
Just around the corner from Barcelona’s most famous landmark, the (still unfinished) Sagrada Familia, it’s located in central and accessible Eixample. With a variety of spaces, all with an attractive decor that reminds attendees of its brewery days, this location is an impressive, functional space for all types of corporate events.

Location: Eixample, Barcelona
Capacity: up to 400
Cost: €€€€

4. OneCowork: purpose-built, well-equipped, stunning spaces in bustling Barcelona
Source 
If you’re aiming for Barcelona, but looking for something a little more low-key, for business meetings or team brainstorms, this is the place for you. OneCowork provides the highest-quality meeting rooms, private offices and coworking spaces in the city, with several accessible locations in the city center. 
There are flexible options, from daily passes to monthly membership, catering to all your business needs—and as a bonus, sustainability is a top priority. OneCowork has taken action to lower their carbon footprint, and they account for the emissions associated with space usage. If being green is also a priority of yours, get in touch to book your space.

Location: Plaza Catalunya, Barcelona
Capacity: up to 100
Cost: €€




Looking for support with corporate event management?

Have a look at our guide to a seamless trip.




5. Core SmartWorking: a flexible, accessible venue in Valencia
Source 
Looking for a functional, central meeting room in the city of Valencia? This might just be the ideal solution. With four spaces accommodating up to 20 people each, including an office suite designed for longer corporate meetings, this venue ticks all the boxes for a productive corporate get-together in sunny Valencia.
Priced from just 15€ per hour, its affordability and top-quality amenities mean it’s a very popular venue, boasting glowing reviews. From phone booths to relaxation areas to the newest audiovisual technologies, Core offers all the necessary conveniences for a successful corporate event.

Location: Valencia city center
Capacity: up to 20 per room
Cost: €

6. NH Hotel Sevilla: convenience, luxury and functionality in the sunny south of Spain
Source 
If you’ve been searching for the best corporate meeting venues in Spain, chances are the letters ‘NH’ have come up. The four-star hotel is a highly popular event venue for companies planning corporate get-togethers. 
With 380 hotels in 28 countries, NH Hotel is an incredibly useful venue to have up your sleeve. In Spain, you’ll also find NH hotels in cities such as Madrid, Barcelona, Córdoba, Málaga, Santiago de Compostela, San Sebastián, Salamanca, Jerez, and more. The Seville branch boasts 126,000 square feet of meeting space, and 250 guest rooms ideal for accommodating visiting guests. 

Location: Seville city center
Capacity: up to 500
Cost: €€€

7. Hotel Gran Bilbao: a prestigious event venue in the Basque capital
Source 
Just a 14-minute drive from Bilbao International Airport, and sitting 500 meters from the historic city center, is the prestigious Hotel Gran, an ideal space for corporate events providing top-notch accommodation for attendees. 
From its glowing reviews to its modern feel, this venue promises both style and convenience for your next corporate event. Offering ample business meeting rooms and well-equipped conference rooms, Hotel Gran provides everything you might need for a professional corporate event—and more.

Location: Bilbao city center
Capacity: up to 500
Cost: €€€

8. Innovation Campus: an inspiring international hub in sunny Málaga
Source 
Innovation Campus is an increasingly popular, affordable coworking chain. Málaga is also increasingly popular as a city of choice for remote workers looking for a sunny office. While it feels like a relaxed oasis for holiday-makers, it’s well-connected to the rest of Spain, and becoming more and more of an international business hub. 
With a variety of meeting rooms on offer, as well as monthly membership packages, Innovation Campus provides a professional space for your team to get productive before heading off to the beach at the end of the work day.

Location: Málaga city center
Capacity: up to 40
Cost: €






Need to organize transport for your team? Discover TravelPerk’s expert end-to-end service for booking business travel for large groups of people.




9. Hotel Melia: a popular corporate venue in colorful Granada
Source 
With five meeting rooms accommodating up to 110 people, the Melia is one of Andalusia’s most popular corporate event venues. It’s located in the city center, easily reachable by public transport, and located near excellent shopping and entertainment facilities. 
The hotel itself offers a gym, 24-hour service, corporate event consultants, optional catering services, and parking, resulting in a convenient, comfortable experience for your attendees.

Location: Granada city center
Capacity: up to 110
Cost: €€

10. Espacio Margarete: the ultimate blank canvas for your next corporate event
Source 
To end on a high, we’re heading back to Spain’s sunny capital. Located in the bohemian barrio of Malasaña, Margarete is spread over two floors, with cozy corners contrasting with wide spaces, all equipped with high-quality audiovisual equipment, whiteboards, and optional catering facilities. 
All rooms are bathed in natural light, creating a sunny, inspiring space for all types of corporate events from training days to board meetings. 
Inspiration is at the heart of their company mission, reflected in the comfortable, functional and efficient space designed to get the best out of your team.

Location: Malasaña, Madrid
Capacity: up to 110
Cost: €€

Spain calling! Get ahead and start organizing your corporate event today
Whatever event you’re hosting, whenever you’re hosting it, it’s never too early to start planning—and you can use TravelPerk’s event management checklist to make sure you’re ticking all the boxes when event planning. 
If you feel you could benefit from support with the organizational side of things, TravelPerk can help with the book and management of your event, taking the administrative weight off your shoulders. 



Categories
Real life events  

 








Make business travel simpler. Forever.


See our platform in action. Trusted by thousands of companies worldwide, TravelPerk makes business travel simpler to manage with more flexibility, full control of spending with easy reporting, and options to offset your carbon footprint.


Find hundreds of resources on all things business travel, from tips on traveling more sustainably, to advice on setting up a business travel policy, and managing your expenses. Our latest e-books and blog posts have you covered.


Never miss another update. Stay in touch with us on social for the latest product releases, upcoming events, and articles fresh off the press.